have you ever gone down to make a
comment on a video and thought Oh my God
there's already so many who is ever
going to read this the answer is me
believe it or not I spend hours every
week reading your comments everything
from constructive feedback to Positive
Vibes about your new favorite LT member
to yes even really mean personal attacks
some of which have gotten pretty
creative by the way which is why it's
time for another round of lonus reads
mean comments but it's not all me this
year you name host we found a roast and
we'll be getting reactions from the
others as well so buckle up and put on
your protective eyewear because this is
going to hurt a little a lot what won't
hurt is telling you about our sponsor
lifein look none of us actually enjoy
going to the dentist so why don't you
keep those visits to the bare minimum by
taking care of your teeth with the life
end wave click the link below or keep
watching to learn more all you got to do
is read those you make it sound so easy
delusional lonus thinks killing babies
should be a constitutional right what a
father the earrings and socks with
sandals
makes wow you really aren't pulling any
punches hey not this time swipe for more
damn looking back Jake has really let
himself
go Jesus I actually lost weight I've
lost 70 lbs in a year damn you Gio
that's wrong damn Dennis's Canadian
accent is actually getting really good
really what's the Canadian accent I
don't think people will agree with you
oh yeah but just give her can I get my
double double I don't know why but I
just can't believe anything plof tells
me I think he's testing me wanting to
see if he can make me buy things I
regret I'm not testing you I just I
don't know that's that's a weird one I
don't even know how to respond to that
thought these were going to be mean who
decided to name their girlchild but it's
my last name I didn't have a choice my
parents didn't have a choice and also I
kind of like my last name so
you a blonde guy with a ginger beard
that's a bold Choice it's a bolder
choice to assume I'm blonde I've never
been blonde my hair not blonde my hair's
not even red it's it's like decidedly
Brown most of the time James and Riley
it's not how you spell it talking about
each other looks is ironic since they
are perfect examples of how the genetic
pool in Canada seems more like a genetic
puddle what does that mean I mean Riley
and I look very different from each
other
so I don't know what to say I think that
means there's a lot of genetic diversity
here it's not like it's Iceland where we
need an app to know who's related or not
I feel like if you're writing a comment
to criticize James and I commenting on
each other's looks uh you know that's
fair enough that's not something you
should do and even less so should you
comment on the genetic puddle of Canada
which is objectively not shallow okay
all right moving on this comment just
says Dennis does he think I am Dennis is
just cuz we're both uh minorities here
at lmg he's like oh well that must be
Dennis uh cuz we don't look alike at all
he's not even in that video he is not in
that video it's me unboxing a phone and
talking about a XI phone who would say
something mean about Den exactly but I
can also understand people who don't
know me and can maybe can find me a
little bit different absolutely so this
kid was like a makea wish hire
right yeah I can't even argue with that
one it's fine Colin I'll read them for
you says lonus is Skipper Jake is
Kowalski Elijah is private and Colin is
Rico
the The Penguins of
Madagascar it's it's a it's a movie okay
what a Menace is James capable
of reading instructions at all hey I
remember this one that was not my fault
yes I actually usually on any kind of
build project I'm the person who wants
to read the instructions but for you
people at home sometimes it's more fun
if we don't plof man I'm sorry just
can't stand this guy
that's okay I'm like a combination of
Alex Riley and James yes that is a compl
with a e and not a i what does that mean
you're just a white dude like I'm also
just confused about why you're
volunteering this
information hey everybody I'm like a
combination of Alex Riley and James what
does that mean he's like a like a tall
engineering funny goodlook guy
describing
tinan dang damn lonus got hot I love
Linus's final form more tinan please the
amount of thirst in some of the comments
boggles my mind sometimes maybe it's
just me I don't know thank
you wow okay this just says car guy but
car is in
quotations what the angel who hurt you
what are you a Honda guy Jesus hey hey
hey Shut Your
B lonus hired Badger from Breaking Bad
I've never seen Breaking Bad who's
Badger it tell me I look like this
guy who is this the only clear thing is
Alex it's not the most skilled guy if
you're going to try and roast me like
that at least get youring grammar
correct Jake and Riley team awkward that
I agree with actually this video the
eBay refurbished one that is every day
with Riley and I just out trying to out
awkward each other you you beta let's go
see I just did it it I'm glad our
awkwardness was able to shine through
whatever sponsor talking points that
video had was your opinions on the
buying games in parts or as a whole were
total
dog you're cracked out of your gourd on
meth you should not be that out of touch
with the value of
$80 okay one moment for a second here
we'll slow down
Linka I'm talking about a thing that is
already happening look at Final Fantasy
7 remaster this ain't hypothetical jeez
I didn't buy it I waited I'm not out of
touch with the value it's a lot of money
ploof just loves anything that is a
pointless gimmick doesn't he I kind of
do that's like 100% true if it's a weird
gimmick and makes something unique I'm
all for it real fans remember the LTT 8K
fireplace video where James pancks
halfway through because a burning log
fell on the rug that they borrowed and
no one noticed for like 20 minutes and
that was n't just a rug that was a
beaver pelt that was very nice and
luxurious that my father-in-law lent me
for the shoot and I was pretty horrified
when I took that log off there's just
like a perfect charred rectangle in it
like basically ruined it it combed out a
bit but honestly what a bless him he
either wasn't that mad or really
contained it cuz I I panicked a little
more than seemed necessary in the end oh
wow all caps would you I think I have to
yell it would you please stop putting
Riley in every sponsor read you know
he's on the list right can't say which
one or I'll get my comment
removed by He Who Shall Not Be
Named Santa he's he's making a list
imagine being a ginger and thinking I
want more of this just to be extra
virgin you know people pay more for the
extra virgin olive oil right you didn't
get sted eight for hiring mental
handicapped are you talking about lonus
or
me Colin must be either Dutch or Belgian
and if his English isn't as good he's
probably
Belgian hell two times ads get real
youing greedy
potato okay for one thing we've done two
sponsor reads in our videos for 9 years
years if you are just noticing now you
might be the kind of person who comments
before finishing the video she laughs a
lot but I get the impression she is an
absolutely formidable human is this a
compliment um thank you I've heard
laughing makes you a happier person and
makes you live longer so I'll probably
live longer than you average Discord mod
I don't can I know what video this is
from no I I did like I was the admin of
our Discord for a very long time so I
guess I feel like tinan had an
interesting and unique childhood
compared to the rest of us you're
probably not that wrong but also a
little bit wrong very disappointed ploof
should not be reviewing keyboards wow
that's actually okay that's that one's
kind of rough you know I own a lot of
keyboards I've built a lot of keyboards
there's not a lot of things that I'm
like yeah I know what I'm talking about
keyboards are kind of one of them so
I thought Elijah was some annoying
Autistic or add kid in the last tech
upgrade video I had no idea he worked
for
LTD yeah it was just Alex's little buddy
or whatever I don't know if I can watch
Alex destroy perfectly fine Hardware
anymore and uh that one really hurt me
too that was a difficult video for the
most part I really like making things
that are like they split janky and it's
kind of a good idea and that one after
lus separated the Heat types by doing
what me and Nate said he shouldn't was
just so bad oh my God it was awful I
can't believe it worked at all Sarah has
done hot knives before you can just tell
um no comment disliking every video you
have Riley in we all know why Mr 500 ft
you're a liar I we don't all know why I
wish I did okay this person is
definitely
uh I feel like heing hates Tanner
LMAO I feel like that a little bit
sometimes too I'm just testing him Colin
is the single person on this channel who
has had more character development with
each video all without even saying a
word I feel like James and Titan either
really get along or really don't we hate
each
other we for the most part get along
pretty well cringe anti- lovers creating
the titles these days
huh yeah there a nice one nobody more
deserves Electro boom has done so much
thanks
LT not true I'm just pointing out how
out of touch LT are by giving upgrades
to rich people or staff or the host wife
instead of regular poor
people Rog rig reboot
anyone
jeez I love you guys it's Seb Dennis
he's
a why what do I do to you why are you so
angry seriously the only person on this
channel who deserves any hate any at all
is Jake he can be pretty annoying but at
least he
tries this is so mean like what did I do
to hurt you there's definitely reasons
you could hate me but I feel like some
of those reasons probably apply to other
people right please for the love of God
get that bomb CX500 out of that
induction Forge you picked the one PSU
that is known to literally explode on
the bright side if that power supply
explodes that's the least damaging thing
in the induction heater to actually blow
up oh my God Jake is like Nolan from
donut media dipped in a vat of
bleach mentally abusive to his wife what
video is this on we can make
jokes if this was not presented by the
unlikable douch I really could have
enjoyed this well I'm just very
complimented that you didn't say an
unlikable douche on I am the unlikable
douche and I really want that on a shirt
now Nick please see now this this
comment threw me for a loop because the
first part says who likes Riley and then
the second part says what a dork so I
didn't like how much of a ride that
comment was putting helmets on people
who are not truly handicapped is not
funny that wasn't the point we weren't
making a handicap joke it was just I hit
my head it was protecting
me blun hline is pregnant
what is that from you're not going to
give me any
context I mean shizzy wizzy didn't
bother to leave a
timestamp she's fun I like her I hope
she goes far in life are these supposed
to be mean comments I'm confused this is
so sweet thank you ploof is like sliced
bread gets boring and stale man and this
is where I'm wearing my nice shirt too
with the pink hat and everything
I'm I'm not boring Andy am I boring
added flavor added
flavor Sarah is such a fun host Dennis
in contrast is really cringe most of the
time and always looks like he's trying
to appear dumb Dennis is an amazing
human being and this person is just
wrong I'm pretty sure in this video I
was pretty useful I was building the
desk everything I wasn't trying to be
anything I'm just doing my job trying to
build a desk Tanner if you're reading
this I am you got to lose that Homeless
leprechaun
beard
look I work at a place where 90% of the
people here look so much like me that we
could all be mistaken for one another in
a police lineup how old is she 10 most
brainless review ever giggling
nonsensical and and then that's where
the comment is cut off yeah this was my
first short circuit ever I was really
nervous I agree not a great review but
uh I think I've improved quite a bit so
how much do you receive from comma the
government to keep Elijah hired this
line is getting payments from the
government for me
lots I can't trust plof on anything
purely based on how he pronounces GIF
yeah you know what I don't care I don't
care if it's GIF I know it's graphical
you know what the guy who invented it
says it's pronounced GIF so suck on that
Jake's mouth has
eyebrows my mouth has oh the
mustache oh it's because I it's a little
bit not filled out here yeah okay you
too oh are you good good for you you
rich
F I wasn't born into money you
know I actually still work a 9 to5 you
know
sorry what is it what is even the
context here oh is it I'm keeping the
world's biggest TV yes probably was on
that look did you click the
title wow new low for lmg no helmet for
James
unbelievable you're right I should have
worn a helmet there's no excuse to not
wear a helmet I've been in a biking
accident and hit a car like a freaking
Dart and I was very happy to have a
helmet on I believe in helmets everyone
should wear a helmet
a that's yeah look see the hell of paid
off right there no need to yell at me
Riley there is actually you know what
you did why was Riley's n segue so loud
because I need to get your attention you
know what you did
too all of you I like red Sherk guy he
isn't an awkward idiot like Alex now at
first I thought this was referring to
Jake and I took a bit of offense but
then I saw that the red trick guy is Dan
and we all like Dan fair enough dude
unusually wide hips says is a man no
wonder people thought you were a lesbian
that is my physiology
sir I will not apologize for my body I
show my wife the takech makeover with
Dennis's neon sign and now she only
refers to him as oh my God it's live La
thank you for grapefruits Zulu wife I
love you too I am surprised floof has
and sticker bumped his
car okay the funny thing is I actually
I love sticker bombing stuff I hate
bumper stickers I can't stand it cars I
like them clean I don't know it's weird
Alex is too awkward to be in front of
camera I've told you before listen up
idiots this is from the asml tour which
I frankly think is a fantastic video and
if you think that it is not a good video
you are an idiot cuz you did not
understand what I was talking about you
shouldn't call your mom aing idiot even
if she
is
okay what she did was
idiotic she's not an idiot if anything I
get any intelligence that I got from her
why does Tanner look like he's held
hostage because I am in a constant state
of discomfort I'm uncomfortable right
now then's going to have a blast once he
gets to take this home actually I don't
have the space for this massage chair I
have it and Andy got it from a Christmas
um PRI from Christmas price I live in a
small apartment so I'm okay Andy enjoyed
it it's pretty comfy lonus your daughter
seems a lot more sensible than you well
she's half ion so that explains a lot
Tanner looks so scared when you asked
him to celebrate better lol I'm really
not good at faking emotion I'm barely
good at showing genuine emotion my God
that cat is an absolute unit Arlo is the
most amazing magnificent creature in
this entire world and uh I'm glad he
gets the appreciation that he deserves
you're becoming a spoiled little brat it
says 2 days ago so this must have been a
recent video like we're definitely
spoiled that's just kind of the nature
of working for a tech Media company but
at the same time it's it's it's not so
much spoiled it's like you just get
desensitized to how insane some of the
technology we're using really is
especially to people that haven't played
with some of this stuff so I mean fair I
don't think I'm a brat though I bet pl's
keyboard is worth more than his car
they're actually not too far off imagine
having lonus as your boss
unsufferable the word you're looking for
is insufferable I would rather go
without
$5,000 rather than have lonus in my
house all day well that's good cuz I
don't want to give you
$5,000 Sarah was brought in to ensure
that Dennis could complete the
video um I kind of don't remember what
exactly going on with this desk I
remember it was lot of work but Sarah
did help a lot like
20% thanks Dennis oh my gosh she
here oh no at least lonus hires mentally
handicap people very Progressive of
lonus I don't think I could take much
more than 20 minutes of this guy if you
think that you're probably right any
Tanner on camera is too much Tanner on
camera you know what I completely agree
with you and that's why I am very glad
that Full House and Al are both off the
air too many Tanners on screen it's way
too many he was talking about me wasn't
he
I mean obviously it's going to fall
short of the 5,500 lb of German
engineering I drive today for the last
remaining three people that didn't think
lonus was a
douche Elijah can you come here for a
second I'm detecting some confirmation
bias here did you just search for the
word douche I searched keywords and then
looked for comments that was douche one
of douche may have been one of the
keywords all right that's thanks you're
welcome talk to you later oh this one's
just straight up Riley is a bad host
okay you
try pl's monitors are worth more than
his car this is 100% true aliena I have
the aw 3423 DW my name is plof and I
have an aw 3423 DW at home dumb YouTuber
stop spreading false lies wait what are
you talking about this was about the
potential malware in those cheap Android
that's not a lie I'm damned if I do I'm
damned if I don't don't okay you know
what fine here's a new version of that
video go buy whatever cheap pirate
software Android box you want there's no
way that it'll be full of any spyware or
malware enjoy every time I hear Riley my
cringe meter blows up do you need a
cring meter like you don't you can't
tell if something's cringe just on your
own still not convinced after all this
time that Tanner isn't Mike Meers
undercover or a pentaverate agent when I
was a teenager I used to get the comment
that I look like Mike Myers very
frequently so I thought you know what
I'm going to grow my hair out people
won't say I look like Mike Myers then
they continued to do so so I grew out a
grotesque beard maybe this will make me
not look like Mike Myers and there is
nothing I can do to make myself not look
like Mike Myers hate Linus's bad boss
attitude we were unboxing his CPU is
this just cuz I wouldn't buy two of them
for
Jake sorry this video inspired me to
shout penis at Dennis at LTX he got his
attention what did you do that I mean if
someone shout penis in public you
probably will look back tinan is the
epitome of smart enough to know better
stupid enough to do it anyway yeah I
think I might need to make that my
tagline why hasn't James being fired yet
because I can write is Elijah single cuz
I'd like him as my upgrade what the
does that even
mean uh I promise you you don't have to
pay me $5,000 I'd do it for a lot
cheaper lonus I got to tell you what are
you doing employing that idiot Alex man
he brings you a dow G whenever like
lonus or anyone that is hosting a video
says things that are smart it's not just
because they are smart even though lonus
is a smart dude but also because someone
has spent weeks preparing the things
that he is saying holy sh wow this is a
long one LTT please read I would fire
Jake Jake is a useless tool he takes
advantage of linus' good nature I don't
know if it is scripted like he's
supposed to be the village idiot and
he's just hired to piss off lus in each
take either way it's annoying
frustrating and I've worked with people
exactly like Jake they typically
accomplish about 25% of what you ask
them sorry Jake I I don't do anything at
all during the day I mostly just watch
memes on my computer lonus isn't
watching this right I think Dennis
should do keyboard reviews plof is too
much of a keyboard snob that's not fair
you know you can like something that's
really good like I can like fine dining
my dad's a chef I love to eat nice but I
also go to McDonald's sometimes there's
nothing wrong with that lol $100 for a
screwdriver is worth it in whose World
cost you5 to $10 to make and your markup
is
ridiculous okay first things first the
screwdriver costs way more than $59 you
know how I know go buy one for $5 to $10
I'll
wait find one does it have a ratchet
does it have high quality bits was it
tested by project farm and found to be
freaking awesome yeah I didn't think so
the are you lonus and james' son I kind
of see it but generic white guy with a
beard ISM much it's good to see that
nowadays it seems that so many writers
are actually prepared and seem to have
all this stuff together before shooting
a video but sometimes I do wish Riley
would make another PC Building vid with
everything going wrong you know great
fun to dot dot dot read more the first
comment is Riley is literally their
worst host
LOL this is just just this is just low
effort like get creative you know if any
employees steals you need to fire them
why should we support a business who
lets employees steal why support
thieves I agree this is a totally
reasonable sentiment you shouldn't steal
I just do it anyways shame video preview
wasn't just picking a lot of Alex the
video was full of that annoying unfunny
tool Space full stop such a shame Space
full stop Riley with his worst jokes is
more entertaining Space full stop my
opinion don't like I don't care not
everyone can be pleased with everyone
Space full stop dude it's a video about
a fan that can actually chop your hand
off I greatly enjoyed watching lonus
torture spf's little brother throughout
this episode this is from that one
Reddit post where someone said oh my
gosh Sam bankman freed works at LT
because I had my Afro I'm not Sam
bankman okay he went to jail I got out
oh this this is the best way to get a
tax right off can turn anything into a
tax rate off does labs exist solely as a
tax right that is not how that works a
tax rateof doesn't mean you didn't spend
the money if I get someone give me money
I give me a money I'm going to give you
guys a little lesson this is a crisp
fake Benjamin if I have paid all my
other business expenses and I make this
money I take it home or well at least
after the uh tax man takes his pretty
close to 50%
cut okay I made 50 bucks that's great
hold on a second I have a business
expense this time I need to buy a
filming slate I'm going to spend that
money that $50 is gone but I've got this
slate and I've still got 50 bucks that's
my profit oh wait
I still pay taxes on the part that was
profit the only money that didn't get
taxed was the money that I spent on an
asset that the business a separate legal
entity now owns it's not a way of making
moreing
money and now I need another slate dang
it that's okay I'll just visualize a new
one virtual Sate ah much better now it's
time to visualize a segue to our sponsor
lyen oral hygiene is no joke and lyen
knows this that's why they've got the
allnew liyen wave toothbrush their
proprietary Servo system vibrates the
soft tapered bristles at speeds of up to
66,000 vibrations per minute which is a
lot of vibrations maybe even good ones
its dual action rotation though is the
special sauce with its 60 oscillation
range that is three times wider than
some of their leading competitors and
what's even better is that their brush
head replacements aren't going to cost
you an arm and a leg or a tooth the unit
itself is designed to have no gaps in
its aluminum alloy handle for residue to
build up in and at a height of Just
Around 140 mm tall it's built to be
ergonomic and convenient for travel and
if you're into customizing your brushing
routine their companion app has three
settings with 10 different levels of
intensity for a total of a thousand
different combinations so you can tailor
your experience to your preferences so
keep your teeth clean by checking out
the life and wave at the link down below
well the ones for me were brutal but it
was nice to see some positive comments
about the rest of the team thanks again
everyone who enjoyed the video um like
leave a comment we really do read them
they can be very helpful and
inspirational uh just like this
inspirational video that you guys can go
check out the last time we did this four
years ago man really time goes by way
too fast